Android Display Dev (CE)- Engineer 
Hyderabad, Telangana, India · 1 week ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


Hybrid

Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Android Display Dev (CE)- Engineer  at Qualcomm
Android Display Dev (CE)- Engineer
Qualcomm · Hyderabad, Telangana, India (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Android Display Dev (CE)- Engineer  at Qualcomm
Show more options
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0



Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to
Md Yaseen profile photo
Md Yaseen profile photo
Md Yaseen Ahmed 
Md Yaseen Ahmed is verified 
· 3rd
Support Specialist VIP/Ultra @ Revolut with expertise in Data Science and Operations
School alum from Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology

Follow
About the job
Company

Qualcomm India Private Limited

Job Area

Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Software Applications Engineering

General Summary

As a leading technology innovator, Qualcomm pushes the boundaries of what's possible to enable next-generation experiences and drives digital transformation to help create a smarter, connected future for all. As a Qualcomm Software Application Engineer, you will provide technical expertise of software systems through technical presentations in support of business development, product demonstrations, design and development of customer specific requirements, commercialization, and maintenance of Qualcomm products. Qualcomm Engineers collaborate with cross-functional teams and customers to address questions, issues, debugging, or troubleshooting regarding software systems and applications.

Minimum Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.


As a part of Display team, need to support Qualcomm Mobile and Compute platform customer projects. Candidate should deal with the Display customizations based on customer requirements, bring-up, integration support and debugging.

Role: Engineer

Exp: 1.6yr to 3 yr

Job Loc: HYD

Skills/experience

4-6 years of SW development experience or related work experience.
Excellent C/C++ Programming Skills.
Knowledge in one or more Operating Systems (or) RTOS (Embedded Linux, Windows)
Hands on experience in Display technologies - Display (Pixel processing/composition, MIPI DSI, HDMI, DisplayPort, etc.)
Hands on experience in Android Display/Graphics framework - Surface Flinger, Composer, Display HAL, DRM/KMS drivers, Windows DWM Framework is an added advantage.
Experience in Linux kernel architecture and Display driver development.
Fluent in industry standard software development tools: SW/HW debuggers, code revision control systems (GIT, Perforce).
Strong communication skills (written and verbal).
Able to work with teams across multiple time zones.


Responsibilities

The responsibilities of this role include customer assistance with display and graphics software integration, development, customizations, debugging, documentation, trainings, and customer onsite support. Education requirements: Bachelors or master's degree in Electronics and Communications engineering.

Applicants: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer. If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, rest assured that Qualcomm is committed to providing an accessible process. You may e-mail disability-accomodations@qualcomm.com or call Qualcomm's toll-free number found here. Upon request, Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. (Keep in mind that this email address is used to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. We will not respond here to requests for updates on applications or resume inquiries).

Qualcomm expects its employees to abide by all applicable policies and procedures, including but not limited to security and other requirements regarding protection of Company confidential information and other confidential and/or proprietary information, to the extent those requirements are permissible under applicable law.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

If you would like more information about this role, please contact Qualcomm Careers.

See curated AI tools for your job search
Get hired faster with the help of AI tools built by verified companies like Kickresume, Exponent Interview Prep, and more.

Get started
About the company
Qualcomm company logo
Qualcomm
2,130,798 followers

Follow
Semiconductor Manufacturing  10,001+ employees  54,899 on LinkedIn
Delivering intelligent computing everywhere.

Interested in working with us in the future?